hi everyone had the room in this
video we will make the comparison between the
kourouma armored and one on rim
I chose these two vehicles because
that they look alike on some
points so we start this gameplay with
kourouma I could have done just as well
started with the urgent but I have
decided to take the court or then me
to show you that both vehicles
are able to do one thing that's
this one they are both capable
to push any vehicle then
depending on the vehicle
it will take more or less momentum if you
want to push a truck for example there
will have to be that your wrath males be
launched at full power
whereas if you want to push a
car as you see it pretty simple
there is no need to be launched at full
power
it pushes them easily so that says
frame vehicle or so-called test of
speed
so we start with a speed test
there we see that the court or evil by
much faster than one on rim
but that was to be expected when we
sees the size of the urgent unss
well we see that the vehicle is big
so it will inevitably have a little more
wrong
the curve to be blinder we also see by
relation to the landscape that scrolls for
watch it scrolls anyway
relatively quickly there by the way we are
almost arrived at the end of the track with the
kourouma year bound while one on
rims it's hard to get there we're there
only now so already there
kourouma scores a point
now we will do the test of
resistance so resistance tests on
will start with resistance by
balls so at the level of resistance
by bullets look at it kourouma first
looked right
she is already burning she has
already exploded
it takes about 300 balls for the
kourouma to explode a kourouma one
on rims he looks at us and he has nothing
still he needs him a thousand bullets
about to destroy it
here it took about 1000 balls
so it takes 1800 and 1200 it's
this is an approximation
so we can say already that one on
rims and three times stronger than
kourouma and it will be confirmed with
the test so this test there for the yard where
my only one explosive and she does exist
more while for one on rims him
we had seen in a previous video
who needed more than
it
so a query he's still in place
of queries he still in place it's
for that I pulled them enough
quickly
we know very well that after
two requests there is nothing we take them
third he still has nothing so what
is still pretty big for a
vehicle to support that's so many
so many requests and it may be
4th and that's only where it explodes
so case of request to destroy a
vehicle is huge
the urgent need to mark a point which
does one everywhere in this test of course one
takes that the most important points
after that, for sure, we can do
many other tests
we can even make hundreds but
but we are interested here
is what we use the most so we
does the tests on precisely the utility
the vehicle in the free mode
so here we make the mood clash gift
here I am dead quite quickly so
there I just wanted to test ball to
resistance make resistance rather
how the character can withstand
inside the vehicle
so we saw that in the ain on rims
it was pretty quick I got
killing two there we are in the yard where my
I will not let the gameplay
to the bones since anyway he
are not standing
I stayed about ten minutes on
place and for ten minutes I got
taken balls like that without dying
so in fact my life they go down and
they come up and whenever I
go in the red
the time another balme touches i
my life has time to go up so the
yard or bad marks a point on this test
there then of course there is the
kourouma who wins the test between
the urgent and the armored kourouma
but what you need to know is that
it's a test that's done on
most important points
after that it is sure that the opinions will diverge
always there are some who will prefer the ins
urgent
there are some who will prefer kourouma there
it's just indicative
kourouma she is a bit more shit and
than one on rim
it's just indicative by
example if you are facing a guy I
do not know if you're dealing with a guy who
is bombing you right now
with explosives that's for sure if you
are in kourouma good bah you have
no luck now if you're in
insurgent you have chances of
you get out
after if you are facing guys who
you shoot with bullets
necessarily with kourouma you have
more chance of getting out of it
so this test as I told you it is
just as an indication depending on
the situation in which you are
find
bach such or such vehicle will be more
useful for you but in the meantime if
you never hesitate between the two
know that kourouma is a little more
shit and that the urgent ins
so that's all for this test it's
everything for this video and I tell you
right away
ciao